Add style guide and improve documentation (#44)
cisagov/development-guide: style-guide.md

# Style Guide #

Here lie the heretofore-unwritten rules and styles we use when writing
documentation, issues, pull requests, and other forms of written expression.

## References ##

- [Plain Language guide](https://www.plainlanguage.gov/guidelines/)
- [GitHub list of supported languages](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml)

## Repositories ##

**All repositories should be public.**

> Whether creating new repositories or transferring existing repositories,
> remember that we work in the open by default. For more, when we might use
> private repositories, read our [open source policy](https://github.com/cisagov/development-guide/tree/develop/open-source-policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether creating new repositories or transferring existing repositories,
remember that we work in the open by default. For a discussion of the
rare cases in which we might use private repositories, read our 
[open source policy](https://github.com/cisagov/development-guide/tree/develop/open-source-policy).
```

### Repository naming ###

Use a repository's name to describe its purpose. Names should be:

1. Descriptive
1. Readable
1. Consistent
1. Contextual
1. Future-friendly
1. Extensible
1. Reusable

Avoid references to pop culture or other implicit references. GitLab has a
good guide on using [inclusive language in documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/#inclusive-language).

Specifically, when naming a repository:

- Use lower case
- Use dashes
  - For readability, where spaces would otherwise separate words
  - Avoid underscores, which require extra keystrokes

### Repository settings ###

Specify code owners in each repository's `.github/codeowners` file to make
sure that changes and pull requests are reviewed by people familiar with
the codebase. This way, we'll catch more problems before they get into the
protected branch.

- Set a minimum of two code owners for all repositories.
  - Add or edit each repository's `.github/codeowners` file.
- Set up [branch protection](project_setup/branch-protection.md).

## Headers and headings ##

Use sentence case. For example:

> - `# Use variables to configure pipelines`
> - `## Use the Style Guide`

Reviewer: Historically we have pushed for opening _and closing_ octothorpes.  This is probably worth mentioning in the text for this section, as well as making this change in your examples.
```suggestion
- `# Use variables to configure pipelines #`
- `## Use the Style Guide ##`
```

Reviewer: It appears that sentence case is not actually used for "first-level" (one octothorpe) headings.  This should be documented.
